------------------------------------------------------------------concept of layers----------------------------------------------------------
Every network consists of a specific number of functions, layers, and tasks to perform. Layered Architecture in a computer network is defined as
a model where a whole network process is divided into various smaller sub-tasks. These divided sub-tasks are then assigned to a specific layer to
perform only the dedicated tasks. A single layer performs only a specific type of task. To run the application and provide all types of services to
clients a lower layer adds its services to the higher layer present above it. Therefore layered architecture provides interactions between the sub-systems.
If any type of modification is done in one layer it does not affect the next layer.



------------------------------------------------------------------OSI model------------------------------------------------------------------
Every network consists of a specific number of functions, layers, and tasks to perform. Layered Architecture in a computer network is defined as a model
where a whole network process is divided into various smaller sub-tasks. These divided sub-tasks are then assigned to a specific layer to perform only the
dedicated tasks. A single layer performs only a specific type of task. To run the application and provide all types of services to clients a lower layer adds
its services to the higher layer present above it. Therefore layered architecture provides interactions between the sub-systems. If any type of modification 
is done in one layer it does not affect the next layer


OSI Model
OSI stands for Open Systems Interconnection. OSI is a seven layered architecture. All these seven layers work collaboratively to transmit data from 
one layer to another. Below are the layers of OSI Model.

1. Physical Layer: Physical layer is the lowest layer of OSI model and is responsible for the physical connection between all the required devices. 
The information present in physical layer is in the form of bits. Physical layer performs various functions such as bit rate control, bit synchronization, 
transmission mode etc.

2. Data Link Layer: Data Link layer provides with successful delivery of message from one node to the another. It checks whether this delivery of message 
is error free. Other functions performed by data link layer are error control, framing, flow control etc.

3. Network Layer: Network Layer is responsible for the transmission of data from one host to another host that is connected in different network. It performs
other tasks such routing and logical addressing.

4. Transport Layer: Transport Layer is defined as a layer that takes services from network layer and provides services to application layer. Other tasks performed
by transport layer are service point addressing, segmentation and reassembling.

5. Session Layer: Session layer is defined as a layer that is responsible for establishing a connection, maintenance of session and to provide with security. Other
functions of session Layer are to establish session, termination and synchronization.

6. Presentation Layer: The data from application layer is extracted at the presentation layer. This layer is also known as translation layer. The functions of presentation
layer are encryption, decryption, compression and translation.

7. Application Layer: Application layer is the topmost layer of OSI Model. Application layer is also known as desktop layer. It provides with other functions such as 
directory services, mail services, network virtual terminal etc.
